well howdy there Internet people its
bubble again so tonight we're going to
talk about the economics of being
prepared and masks but before we get
into that I want to tell you that I
spent today planting trees that will
take two or three years to fruit that's
just my way of saying I still think
everybody should remain calm this is not
doomsday okay I really I've been paying
attention to this they seem to have a
very very good handle on it despite all
of the headlines saying otherwise I
don't foresee this becoming a major
issue
could be wrong but I don't see it
becoming one but I am a huge advocate of
being prepared and because of that I'm
in a position where I can demonstrate
something because I found out something
that wasn't very surprising in general
but it was surprising it was happening
this early this is an n95 mask it is
form-fitting fits your face there's a
little piece up here that bends and
clamps down on your nose it form fits to
your face that's a key part of this
before we get any further I want to
point out this is a surgical mask this
does not form fit to your face it does
not offer the same type of protection
it's better than nothing but so is
wrapping a bandana around your face they
are not the same under normal
circumstances an n95 mask at any
hardware store will cost you a dollar
maybe two right now a whole lot of
places are sold out but you can still
get them on eBay for thirteen to
fourteen dollars people saw an
opportunity to exploit fear and they're
taking it
this is why it's important to be
prepared before it happens this is
something that literally $1 - under
normal circumstances and just the threat
has driven the price up to 13 or 14
dollars
imagine what that price would be if
there actually was an outbreak in the
United States you wouldn't be able get
your hands on them this is why it's
important to have your stuff ready
beforehand if you can do that and you're
in a position where you can be prepared
not just as a give you peace of mind
maybe that's one of the reasons I'm not
concerned about it because I have what I
need but it helps free up resources for
those people who are in trouble it's
kind of like putting your own mask on on
an airliner before you help anybody else
you're taking yourself out of the
equation because you have what you need
you're not somebody else that would be
straining emergency services for those
people who genuinely don't have the
means to prepare for themselves or that
we're in a situation I got overtaken by
events and can't get out without help
you don't want to strain a system when
it's already overworked if you were to
try to set up like a family of four for
pandemic preparedness two months ago 30
bucks 40 bucks get masks the Purell all
the stuff that you would need it's not
it wouldn't cost much at all judging by
what I've seen so far as far as the way
the prices are going family for probably
a hundred and thirty one hundred forty
dollars and keep in mind there's not
actually an emergency
it's just the perception that one might
happen so if you have the means take
this as a teachable moment now is the
time to prepare for whatever the
situation may be whether it be you know
our hurricane or an earthquake
whatever's in your area get prepared for
it now now because I was getting trees
today I have happened to be in a place
that had them I'd like to point out
these are apparently not sold out
everywhere these are filters or these
are masks respirators used for painting
and stuff like that
you can get in ninety five and up
filters for this and they're still cheap
and they're still widely available so
there's your alternative but a surgical
mask and you can find this information
on the CDC website is not the same thing
it does not offer the same amount of
protection so don't don't make that
mistake it's not the same but again I
want to reiterate as many times as I can
I don't think any of this is necessary
it's a teachable moment to show that you
should get prepared for when there is an
emergency it looks like they're already
figuring out which antivirals work and
they're doing a really good job of
keeping this in check don't panic anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night